We have the best people don't we folks??

Let the cucks brigade, they're used to just watching, frustrated. 
Very cute
Downvote this post if you hate your life and secretly want to be a Trump supporter!
What is this beautiful asian's name? I fucking love her. 
Liberals are always delusional. Patriotic women are always beautiful. 
Whew 
SO FUCKING GOOD
The majority of "liberals" (in quotes because they are closer to fascists and authoritarians) are racist. 
Does someone want to explain to me how supporting Trump made you patriotic? He's destroying our relationships with all of our biggest trading partner and allies and pretty obviously compromised by a hostile foreign power. 
I am a man of simple taste. If I see a beautiful woman, I upvote. 
Wow, I thought trump supporters pretended to be able to spot strawmen arguments.

Pretty sure those are not the only two voting decision trees, if you've got any critical thought capabilities.

Also, no one seriously thinks that *only* white males voted for trump. Another strawman that feeds into your own fantasy of crazy liberals. Nothing you said here was correct, and engaging in an actual conversation would demonstrate that to you.
That title's awfully reductionist don't ya think? 
Is she part of the trade deal with CHINA?
Conservative delusion \- Trump won by a mile.     Trump is however well on his way to a 2nd term, but with the MSM so adamantly against him, ANY minor hiccup will be blown up into mount Vesuvius...
Unrelated but is T_D down?
Real life = Those who actually don't mind a nepotistic thug who's gone bankrupt and lies a lot, dodged military service and uses the office for personal financial gain.
Looking great, Patriot...freedom is for all!
AMEN
Not all who voted for Hitler were Aryan. I'm in the USMC but I didn't vote for him. Am I a traitor? Let me be clear I sure as he'll didn't vote for Hillary. Hitler said it best let "make Germany great again!" Oops I meant Trump/America.
trump fans are small handed/small minded/and look up at the moon during the night wondering if tonight is the night that their under developed brain will decide to stop and go read a book
Why are Asian women so eager to jump on the Trump train?
Sounds like the liberals aren't the only delusional people here...
Any woman who supports trump has self esteem issues
Your going to need a hotter girl then that to make people overlook all the asinine things said in that statement  
barf...trump support....
Someone buy her some cheeseburgers and a milkshake before she passes out. BTW, love the hat. 
General delusion = being American and thinking democrat or republican is a choice.
DADDY’S DOCTOR MONEY PAID FOR THAT BRA AND THAT EYELINER BUT HER MOUTH PAID FOR THAT HAT KNOW IM SAYN 
Real freedom lovers voted for the only party that believes in true freedom. The libertarian party. Cant wait until this 2 party system has to go against libertarian in debate. Libertarians would kick ass. 
[deleted]
