Why do i have the feeling every girl posted on this threads name is Becky, Stacy, or Amanda?
Keep up the brigading you muffin top soy boys. 

Likes and retweets ain't the blood truth be you think they are you moronic socialist. 
What you’ve just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought.
Imagine being so insecure you need a subreddit to prove hot women are trump supporters.
I love how we have these political posts with absolutely no substance but demeaning language. So pathetic. 
The term “liberal” is a political ideology, not a group of people. You’ve been spoon fed ignorance so long you don’t even understand the term you’re using to slander people. Well done. 
1 brain cell between the three of them.
Great
There sure are a lot of offended comments from those so called non-offended people here with all the downvotes and lashing out  over butthurt. If it didn't bother you then you wouldn't have had to come here in the first place being negative in the first place. Thanks for proving my point and entertaining me with your tears since you don't have it in you to not come to a place you claim to hate. 

Sounds like the lib men have guilt over the fact they actually love these women and these posts so lash out to try and cope. Why else do they stay here despite knowing they're powerless to do anything to this sub :P
Who would be offended by this? Why would anyone be offended by this?
Lol why is this on my recommended 
hey both sides are pulling in the hot girls, yah that is politicians but look how well it works on us sheep to stir us up, they know how, but what is their end? I go with results and Trump has a ton of them piled up at this point so I ignore the rest of the %$#^&
Hahahaha
/r/gatekeeping 
they need a dundee check
I'll bet none of them love anal
Show me ....(drumroll).....BUTTHURT!  The signature phrase of the moron.
HERPES!!
Beauties on the Right side of Freedom.  Thank you, Patriots!
As a liberal, nothing pisses me off more than seeing free-thinking independent women.
This is most likely a thread from a bot. 

The account is 2 years old and only has posts on hotties for trump as well as talking about some master race stuff...
