Those are some cute Russian bots.
Socks and sandals never looked so goooood. 
Hawt 
THAS RAYCISSS!!!!!
I mean the "L's" are symbolically shape to represent feet, to "Walk Away"

I used to do graphic design and this is some nice work. Sending our best and brightest as well my friends :)
Which one is the hotty? 
Hotties of the trailer park
#walkaway is not a thing, no matter how much you want it to be
[deleted]
No they didn't
Long story short - I’m not gay but recently have found myself thinking about Trump/Kim while masturbating.

Again - I am NOT gay. I’ve never had a homosexual experience in my life.

It’s something to do with them being political powers. Almost father figures. I like the idea of them being able to dominate me and me feeling helpless.

I fantasise about walking into the White House office and seeing trump at his desk, telling ivanka to leave us alone in private. She has this look of “not this again..” on her face. As she walks by me, I catch her quickly glancing at me from top to bottom, almost as if she feels sorry for what’s about to happen to me.

I nervously ask Mr. Trump: “Mr. President, You wanted to see me?” And just as I finish speaking I loose grip of the documents in my hands and drop them everywhere. I get really embarresed and start frantically picking up the documents - but something grabs me by the wrist.. I look up.. it’s my president. “Don’t you worry about that mess, I’ll have Stephanie take care of that. Are you a Whisky or Bourbon man? “Oh Mr. President, I never drink on the job!” I reply. “Nonsense! Today calls for a celebration, my boy!”. Mr. Trump seems delighted with how his meeting with Kim went at the Summit. As I follow Mr. Trump to his desk, he pulls out a wooden draw and looks at me “We always have one of these around.. for special occasions.” I nervously lick my lips but then out of nowhere, I feel someone wrap an extension cord around my neck and start choking me - I almost pass out before they stop and I fall to the floor. I look up to find that it’s Kim Jung Un completely naked and covered in Vaseline. Mr. Trump casually starts unbuttoning his coat and hanging it on his Chair. At this point, Kim is sticking his fingers inside my asshole, spitting and laughing while trump pulls me by my hair and makes me start choking on his orange cock. I start screaming with my mouth covered in orange foundation..
Thanks for the crosspost
